so now the pecially functionality of
this web application so let me go on
copy the part of the copying apart here
so this is the index page of our website
and you can see a cyberattack on this is
a logo or call it this is rusty sir the
missing and primary navigation bar on
the system info about our college and
these are two buttons the contacts and
Lister this is a new section there are
four points which are aligned
horizontally one of the other and this
year these are the courses offered by
our college and these are the buttons to
know more about the course and this is
the copyrights and this is a footer
navigation bar and these are all social
media links oh let me show you the
functionality of one Maharaja so by
clicking on Easter weekend bhutanese dot
HTML saying for courses and contacts as
well let us see the features of home
page we click contact us we will be
directed to the contactor space so same
as for in so it will go fir registered
dot HTML page come back coming back to
home page if I click in CAC to lead up
to the second C you see all the if you
want to see my candle by clicking on
this button it will take you to the
course page and it will show down
mechanical force on o you can see that
mechanical course on top but previously
there was computer science course here
we clicked on computer send button that
is simple easy as well it will directly
show you that division so that's that's
it about homepage these are all the
futures of compare let us go to the
interface so these are the steps for
registration this is the form where we
have to serve me
so this is my melody I can select for
say and when I try to submit this for
this album will be the second setting in
suction space so this is about three
sort of HTML and these are all the
courts they succumb to resign from the
matter about computer science
departments a master easy and mechanical
engineering as well let us go to contact
the spirits if you have any issues you
can just feel this well of this
[Music]
is itis off mate it will show that since
this is you properly they submit the
values will be reset again so now let us
see about social media linked in salalah
social media link click on visit our
Facebook page equally direct to this
Facebook page of stream lines meaning
college so this is same survey of serum
lines meaning College and by clicking on
this we can watch the LinkedIn profile
so we have sign up so this is my Twitter
getting loaded
she seems our college don't have any
Twitter account I have just you think
you fast updates Twitter account here so
if we try to me to convalesce button
your default Mila system will be open on
once it's loaded you can see here since
[Music]
you can show your tour dress will be the
default one which I have given in my
default you can see here compliance
Molly since college means confidential I
have no rights to give that College me
so I have clip this meal so let us say
with some Duke me here
let us say T easy and not T at the rate
of gmail.com and for so-called Atascosa
Smail let us go to the home page because
I have attached it at me home page
verify that me in the to section the TV
NRT you can see that this male has been
displayed there so these social circles
who this is the for way of my website
thank you for watching